feat(changelog): edge-services-deprecated-edge-services-v1alpha1-depreca 2025-02-24 (#4477)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/february2025/2025-02-24-edge-services-deprecated-edge-services-v1alpha1-depreca.mdx

---
title: Edge Services v1alpha1 deprecation
status: deprecated
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #edge-services channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2025-02-24
category: network
product: edge-services
---

> Edge Services API v1alpha1 is about to be deprecated. Remaining users who make direct API calls must update their tooling to use v1beta1 API instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Edge Services `v1alpha1` API is about to be deprecated. Update your tooling to use the Edge Services `v1beta1` API if you are still using it.
```

Reviewer 2: Je demande à William si on peut ajouter v1beta1 au site developers

---
title: Edge Services v1alpha1 deprecation
status: deprecated
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #edge-services channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2025-02-24
category: network
product: edge-services
---

The Edge Services `v1alpha1` API is about to be deprecated. Update your tooling to use the Edge Services `v1beta1` API if you are still using it.

> View the v1beta1 documentation on the [Edge Services API reference page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/edge-services/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
View the `v1beta1` documentation on the [Edge Services API reference page](https://www.scaleway.com/en/developers/api/edge-services/).
```
